Psalm 26 a psalm of David vindicate me O
Psalm 26 a psalm of David vindicate me O Lord for I have walked in
Lord for I have walked in
Lord for I have walked in my integrity I have also trusted in the
my integrity I have also trusted in the
my integrity I have also trusted in the Lord
Lord
Lord I shall not slip examine me O Lord and
I shall not slip examine me O Lord and
I shall not slip examine me O Lord and prove me fry my mind and my heart for
prove me fry my mind and my heart for
prove me fry my mind and my heart for your loving-kindness is before my eyes
your loving-kindness is before my eyes
your loving-kindness is before my eyes and I have walked in your truth I have
and I have walked in your truth I have
and I have walked in your truth I have not sat with idolatrous mortals
not sat with idolatrous mortals
not sat with idolatrous mortals nor will I go in with hypocrites I have
nor will I go in with hypocrites I have
nor will I go in with hypocrites I have hated the Assembly of evildoers and will
hated the Assembly of evildoers and will
hated the Assembly of evildoers and will not sit with the wicked and will wash my
not sit with the wicked and will wash my
not sit with the wicked and will wash my hands in innocence so I will go about
hands in innocence so I will go about
hands in innocence so I will go about your altar Oh Lord that I may proclaim
your altar Oh Lord that I may proclaim
your altar Oh Lord that I may proclaim with the voice of Thanksgiving and tell
with the voice of Thanksgiving and tell
with the voice of Thanksgiving and tell of all your wondrous works Lord I have
of all your wondrous works Lord I have
of all your wondrous works Lord I have loved the habitation of your house and
loved the habitation of your house and
loved the habitation of your house and the place where your glory dwells do not
the place where your glory dwells do not
the place where your glory dwells do not gather my soul with sinners nor my life
gather my soul with sinners nor my life
gather my soul with sinners nor my life with bloodthirsty men in whose hands is
with bloodthirsty men in whose hands is
with bloodthirsty men in whose hands is a sinister scheme and whose right hand
a sinister scheme and whose right hand
a sinister scheme and whose right hand is full of bribes but as for me I will
is full of bribes but as for me I will
is full of bribes but as for me I will walk in my integrity redeem me and be
walk in my integrity redeem me and be
walk in my integrity redeem me and be merciful to me my foot stands in an even
merciful to me my foot stands in an even
merciful to me my foot stands in an even place in the congregation's I will bless
place in the congregation's I will bless
place in the congregation's I will bless the Lord
the Lord
the Lord [Music]